Logistics/TAs/TA_Meeting_Agedas.md, before:

Sta 101 TA Meeting Agendas
===========================

#### Dr. Cetinkaya-Rundel & Dr. Monod
#### Fall 2015

* * *

### Nov 6, 2015

- Recap of the week + looking forward
- Project 1 grading
    + review the rubric
    + make sure points add up
    + experienced TAs show others easiest way to work with rubric 
    (copy all into the comments box in Sakai, and remove the pts
    not applicable, add up everything remaining)
    + make any changes to the rubric as deemed necessary
    + note on project length penalty: TAs can decide if the project
    goes over by a bit due to long code that they may not need to
    penalize, vs. if the students are being over-verbose then 
    penalty might be appropriate
    + decide on a reasonable (for TAs and for students to receive
    feedback and improve before project 2) deadline for grading
- Lab 9
    + David to point to the video clip to be played in class
    at the beginning of lab
    + Tip: Ask the students to describe the variables at the beginning,
    there will be at least one person who knows what each variable represents
- New PS grading assignment
    + Key will be ready before Saturday morning
    + Grading due following Monday

* * *

### Week 3: Sep 11, 2015

* Discuss why not to discuss R packages in detail
* Future lab presenters:
    + Lab 4: Mao
    + Lab 5: Nicole
    + Lab 6: Erika
    + Lab 7: Ilan
    + Lab 8: Anna
    + Lab 9: Megan
    + Lab 10: Reuben
* Timeline for lab prep by Mine and that week's presenter:
    + Tuesday 5pm lab must be ready 
    + Thursday 5pm key must be ready for the next day
* Discuss policies for late HW + no submission
    + Wait for lab + PS grading until after the deadline
    + PS late penalty - 30% off from total, not from score
* Lab 3 discussion

TO DO for Mine:
* Updates for intro_to_data lab:
  + summary() should be removed earlier as it doesn't work with group_by() later
  + `position = "fill"` is not clear, help files not sufficient, add
  further discussion in lab (or consider removing)
* Add to next lab: discussion on environments [Done in probability lab]
* Add to last lab of the semester: discussion on how to work on desktop + packages
* Review EOCEs for inconsistencies with answer key or unclear wording:
  + 1.32 - Berkeley students: target population vs. everyone
  + 1.70 - "claims" might not be clear null and alternative
* Going forward on the PS keys use the following type of wording: "1 pt for 
only stating reject/not reject, 2 pts for in context discussion of results"


### Week 4: Sep 18, 2015

* Exam proctoring and grading schedule
    - MT 1: Mine on Tuesday starting at 4:30pm, Anthea on Wednesday evening
* Lab late policy

###    

    + Lab 7: Mine - via email
    + Lab 8: Ilan
    + Lab 9: Anna
    + Lab 10: Megan

- Proposals: Grading due Oct 26 midnight
  - Instructions for grading:
    - Download all files they submitted
    - Knit the HTML document (by Wednesday midnight)
      - If it doesn't knit due to lack of data, send them an email with a screen shot to fix it in 48 hours (-3)
      - If it doesn't knit due to other errors, and you want to fix them, dock points accordingly, -3 for any errors
      - If it doesn't knit due to other errors, and you can't tell what the issue is, email and screen shot and -3
  - Out of 10 points
    - 0 - no submission
    - 10 - absolutely perfect (rare)
  - 10 points:
    - 1 pt for each question between 1-6
    - 3 pts for question 7 (1 for summary stats, 1 for plots, 1 for interpretation)
    - 1 pt for overall writing quality

Commit message:

add notes on project grading

Logistics/TAs/TA_Meeting_Agedas.md, after:

Sta 101 TA Meeting Agendas
===========================

#### Dr. Cetinkaya-Rundel & Dr. Monod
#### Fall 2015

* * *

### Nov 6, 2015

- Recap of the week + looking forward
- Project 1 grading
    + review the rubric
    + make sure points add up
    + experienced TAs show others easiest way to work with rubric 
    (copy all into the comments box in Sakai, and remove the pts
    not applicable, add up everything remaining)
    + make any changes to the rubric as deemed necessary
    + note on project length penalty: TAs can decide if the project
    goes over by a bit due to long code that they may not need to
    penalize, vs. if the students are being over-verbose then 
    penalty might be appropriate
    + decide on a reasonable (for TAs and for students to receive
    feedback and improve before project 2) deadline for grading
    + each ta grades 6 projects, grade at least one project before
    the midterm grading session so that we can quickly go over
    any questions at that time
- Lab 9
    + David to point to the video clip to be played in class
    at the beginning of lab
    + Tip: Ask the students to describe the variables at the beginning,
    there will be at least one person who knows what each variable represents
- New PS grading assignment
    + Key will be ready before Saturday morning
    + Grading due following Monday

* * *

### Week 3: Sep 11, 2015

* Discuss why not to discuss R packages in detail
* Future lab presenters:
    + Lab 4: Mao
    + Lab 5: Nicole
    + Lab 6: Erika
    + Lab 7: Ilan
    + Lab 8: Anna
    + Lab 9: Megan
    + Lab 10: Reuben
* Timeline for lab prep by Mine and that week's presenter:
    + Tuesday 5pm lab must be ready 
    + Thursday 5pm key must be ready for the next day
* Discuss policies for late HW + no submission
    + Wait for lab + PS grading until after the deadline
    + PS late penalty - 30% off from total, not from score
* Lab 3 discussion

TO DO for Mine:
* Updates for intro_to_data lab:
  + summary() should be removed earlier as it doesn't work with group_by() later
  + `position = "fill"` is not clear, help files not sufficient, add
  further discussion in lab (or consider removing)
* Add to next lab: discussion on environments [Done in probability lab]
* Add to last lab of the semester: discussion on how to work on desktop + packages
* Review EOCEs for inconsistencies with answer key or unclear wording:
  + 1.32 - Berkeley students: target population vs. everyone
  + 1.70 - "claims" might not be clear null and alternative
* Going forward on the PS keys use the following type of wording: "1 pt for 
only stating reject/not reject, 2 pts for in context discussion of results"


### Week 4: Sep 18, 2015

* Exam proctoring and grading schedule
    - MT 1: Mine on Tuesday starting at 4:30pm, Anthea on Wednesday evening
* Lab late policy

###    

    + Lab 7: Mine - via email
    + Lab 8: Ilan
    + Lab 9: Anna
    + Lab 10: Megan

- Proposals: Grading due Oct 26 midnight
  - Instructions for grading:
    - Download all files they submitted
    - Knit the HTML document (by Wednesday midnight)
      - If it doesn't knit due to lack of data, send them an email with a screen shot to fix it in 48 hours (-3)
      - If it doesn't knit due to other errors, and you want to fix them, dock points accordingly, -3 for any errors
      - If it doesn't knit due to other errors, and you can't tell what the issue is, email and screen shot and -3
  - Out of 10 points
    - 0 - no submission
    - 10 - absolutely perfect (rare)
  - 10 points:
    - 1 pt for each question between 1-6
    - 3 pts for question 7 (1 for summary stats, 1 for plots, 1 for interpretation)
    - 1 pt for overall writing quality
